The horizon is fading away
You can't even depict tomorrow in a sky so blue
I'm unable to even breathe amongst the crowds of frozen people
How long has it been since I dived into this place?
Would it be better if I just looked ahead and let my sorrow vent out?
But then I couldn't be very honest
Even if I hand everything over to my enemies, I can faintly sense light
I wonder if it will make it all the way down to me?
I want to breathe but I'm having difficulty here
I simply look up into the dark as a diver without a means of surfacing
I'll try my hand at breathing
If I could come to realise just a fraction of happiness,
I would never drown again...